Is Auntie so sudden?
Why don't you want to?
Oh, no.
It's Brother Zhengting, don't worry.
This feeling needs to be cultivated slowly
You are not allowed to resist this matter in the Zhengting Court
Jiang Xue gave birth to a grandson for our family
How much did you suffer?
You are reluctant to marry her
This also affects the fertility of our story group
OK
Before the wedding
I want to meet your parents
Brother Zhenting said so, you are willing to marry me
Good.
Son, you finally got it
Mom is still worried about your strong opposition
In the snow, hurry up and call your in-laws and in-laws
Invite them to dinner tomorrow night
OK
While eating
I will make it clear to both parents.
I have nothing to do with Jiang Xue anymore
In this life, I will only marry Jiang Caicai
Mommy, you don't want me anymore.
Doudou, don't cry, I don't want you.
It's just that I can't be your mommy anymore
Why is that?
Because you have a mommy.
You were born to him in October
Even if you don't like him anymore
I can't even steal his child
I've said it several times.
He's not my real mommy.
I have proof.